Add documentation for developping an existing app (#8020)
nextcloud/documentation: developer_manual/app_development/intro.rst

Then create a skeleton app in the `app store <https://apps.nextcloud.com/developer/apps/generate>`_. This doesn't publish anything on the appstore yet, it just gives you a download.

Edit an existing app
--------------------

> Alternatively, if you would like to contribute to an existing app instead of creating a new one, first :doc:`set up the development environment <../getting_started/devenv>`, then change into the Nextcloud apps directory::
> 
>     cd /var/www/nextcloud/apps
>     
> Finally, clone the app to which you would like to contribute. For example:
> 
>     git clone https://github.com/nextcloud/cookbook.git 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, if you would like to contribute to an existing app instead of creating a new one, first :doc:`set up the development environment <../getting_started/devenv>`, then create an `apps-extra` folder in the Nextcloud root directory::

    cd /var/www/nextcloud/apps-extra
    
You can then configure Nextcloud to run apps from this directory, by changing your `app_paths` system config in your `config.php`

    'apps_paths' => 
    array (
      0 => 
      array (
        'path' => '/var/www/html/apps',
        'url' => '/apps',
        'writable' => false,
      ),
      1 => 
      array (
        'path' => '/var/www/html/apps-extra',
        'url' => '/apps-extra',
        'writable' => false,
      ),
    ),
    
Finally, clone the app to which you would like to contribute inside the `apps-extra` folder. For example:

    git clone https://github.com/nextcloud/cookbook.git 
```

I personally prefer to point out to people to use a separate folder for their own app

Then create a skeleton app in the `app store <https://apps.nextcloud.com/developer/apps/generate>`_. This doesn't publish anything on the appstore yet, it just gives you a download.

Edit an existing app
--------------------

Alternatively, if you would like to contribute to an existing app instead of creating a new one, first :doc:`set up the development environment <../getting_started/devenv>`, then create an `apps-extra` folder in the Nextcloud root directory::

    cd /var/www/nextcloud/apps-extra
    
You can then configure Nextcloud to run apps from this directory, by changing your `app_paths` system config in your `config.php`

    'apps_paths' => 
    array (
      0 => 
      array (
        'path' => '/var/www/html/apps',
        'url' => '/apps',
        'writable' => false,
      ),
      1 => 
      array (
        'path' => '/var/www/html/apps-extra',
        'url' => '/apps-extra',

>         'writable' => false,

Reviewer 2: I'm guessing that was on purpose to avoid Nextcloud overwriting data in those cloned apps git repo
